[MUSIC PLAYING]
ELLIOTT MARQUEZ: Hey there,
Polycasters, I'm Elliott.
Welcome back to our series
on building an element
in Polymer 2.
In the last video, we mocked
up a simple checklist.
Now we want to clean it up and
make it look production-ready.
Luckily, the Polymer
team creates a catalog
of elements called the paper
elements, which are based off
of the material design spec.
Let's take a look.
There's a website
called WebComponents.org
and here it has a catalog of
all types of web components
that people use.
For an example, we can
look up Paper Input.
All right, so here we have
the Paper Input element.
The Paper Input element has
a lot of nice things on it.
It has a demo where you can
change a bunch of things,
like here, you can change
the email over to Gmail,
and you see it
changes right there.
Cool.
So I want to use this element.
And the way you can use it is
by going to this section right
here and you'll see
a Download feature.
If you click on this, it'll
copy it to your clipboard.
You just go over
to your terminal.
Let's create a new tab here.
Just make sure we're
in the right directory.
Yes, we're in the Polycast
Checklist directory,
and just paste in the command.
So this is going to
install the Paper Input
element as a dependency.
So if you look over here,
back in the Bower Components
directory where it installs
all of our dependencies,
you'll see Paper Input show up.
And then again in
the Bower.JSON,
which is the configuration
file for Bower,
you'll see that our dependency
now includes Paper Input.
All right.
So now let's go use it.
So Polycast Checklist.
Let's go into the
Paper Input directory
and within there is
the PaperInput.html
that you can see right here.
And so let's type that right in.
Paper-Input.html
and it found it.
I also know that
we want to replace
the button and the checkbox
and I know for a fact
that we also have Paper
Button and Paper Checkbox.
So let's do the same
thing for paper checkbox.
Copy that, go to the
Download over here,
paste it into our terminal.
Go back, find Paper Button,
copy this right here,
go right over to your terminal,
paste it in, and install.
All right.
And so now let's
import the other two.
We have Paper Input, then
we have Paper Checkbox,
and then we have Paper Button.
So here we have our checkbox.
Let's replace it with
the paper checkbox.
Checkbox.
And we don't need that anymore.
And this input, let's replace
it with a paper input.
And we don't need this anymore.
Now let's fix the button
to a paper button.
Cool.
All right.
We got that going.
Let's go refresh the
page, see what we got.
Nice.
Looking a little bit better.
It's not really styled up
nicely but we can fix that.
And here's our button down here.
All right.
We'll go back and
start doing styling.
So here, you can just make a
style tag within the template,
and here, we will add a class to
this div and call this a task.
And in the style,
we'll select that task
and then we can add
styling to the task.
You'll notice here that
I just called it task.
This isn't something you'd
typically do in a normal HTML
or CSS project because
task is such a common name
and you can be
using it all around.
And I don't know about you but
I've always had a lot of issues
where my CSS is just
coloring everything
all over the place and
restyling everything.
Luckily, Polymer
uses web components.
Web components have a spec
called Shadow Dom and Shadow
Dom encapsulates your
CSS only into that node.
So you can call task and
you can call anything
else outside of the
element, class equals task,
and it won't get
styled by this rule
that we're making right here.
All right.
So let's actually start styling.
So here, we'll make
this a Flexbox--
display flex-- and we
will align the items.
So vertically, we'll
align them straight
across through the center.
And this will be center.
And then let's style the
paper input onto the same line
as the checkbox, because as you
see, they're on different lines
and that doesn't
look really nice.
So to do that, we can
do Display Inline Block.
Simple as that.
All right.
Let's give it a quick refresh.
Ooh, something's wrong.
Oh, I don't need
these right here.
There you go.
That's a bit more centered.
But it still looks
a bit weird to me.
Hm.
Let's take a look.
Let's add a label to
this Paper Input label.
We'll call this Task Name
and see where that shows up.
Ah, so there you go.
You can see that the task
name right here is actually
causing the display jank,
where the checkbox actually
is centered but it's only
centered to the entire thing.
So we can remove that
by doing no label float.
So paper input has
a thing where it
allows you to remove the
label after you start typing.
So we'll set that to True,
refresh, there you go.
And when you backspace,
there's task name.
Looks really nice.
So this is looking very good.
We have our repeating
elements and our To-Do section
looks almost complete.
Except we can't really add
tasks to our task list.
But we'll get to that in
the next video, where we'll
start adding some
logic to our element
till the checklist
actually works.
[MUSIC PLAYING]